Add Exact TN to docs (#1021)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: doc/lightning_tensor/device.rst

Lightning Tensor device
=======================

The ``lightning.tensor`` device is a tensor network simulator, supporting both the Matrix Product State (MPS) and Exact Tensor Network methods. The device is built on top of the `cutensornet <https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuquantum/latest/cutensornet/index.html>`__ from the NVIDIA cuQuantum SDK, enabling GPU-accelerated simulation of quantum tensor network evolution. This device is designed to simulate large-scale quantum circuits using tensor networks. For small circuits, state-vector simulator plugins may be more suitable.

> A ``lightning.tensor`` device is defaulted by the Matrix Product State (MPS) method and can be loaded simply using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``lightning.tensor`` device defaults to the Matrix Product State (MPS) method, and can be loaded using:
```

.. code-block:: python

    import pennylane as qml
    dev = qml.device("lightning.tensor", wires=100)

> By default, the device represents the quantum state approximated as a MPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the device represents the quantum state approximated as an MPS.
```
Alternatively,
```suggestion
By default, the device approximates the quantum state using an MPS.
```
or,
```suggestion
By default, the device represents the quantum state via an MPS approximation.
```

    dev = qml.device("lightning.tensor", wires=num_qubits, method="mps", **device_kwargs_mps)

Users can also run the ``lightning.tensor`` device in the **Exact Tensor Network** mode by setting the ``method`` argument to ``"tn"``:

.. code-block:: python

    import pennylane as qml
    dev = qml.device("lightning.tensor", wires=100, method="tn")

The lightning.tensor device dispatches all operations to be performed on a CUDA-capable GPU of generation SM 7.0+ (Volta and later)

> and greater. This device supports both exact and finite shots measurements. Currently, the supported differentiation methods are parameter-shift and finite-diff. Note that the MPS backend of lightning.tensor supports multi-wire gates via Matrix Product Operators (MPO).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and greater. This device supports both exact and finite shots measurements. Currently, the supported differentiation methods are parameter-shift and finite-diff. Note that the MPS backend of ``lightning.tensor`` supports multi-wire gates via Matrix Product Operators (MPO).
```

    dev = qml.device("lightning.tensor", wires=num_qubits, method="mps", **device_kwargs_mps)

Users can also run the ``lightning.tensor`` device in the **Exact Tensor Network** mode by setting the ``method`` argument to ``"tn"``:

.. code-block:: python

    import pennylane as qml
    dev = qml.device("lightning.tensor", wires=100, method="tn")

The ``lightning.tensor`` device dispatches all operations to be performed on a CUDA-capable GPU of generation SM 7.0+ (Volta and later)
and greater. This device supports both exact and finite shots measurements. Currently, the supported differentiation methods are parameter-shift and finite-diff. Note that the MPS backend of lightning.tensor supports multi-wire gates via Matrix Product Operators (MPO).

> The ``lightning.tensor`` device is designed for expectation value calculations. Measurements of ``qml.probs()`` or ``qml.state()`` return dense vectors of dimension :math:`2^{n_\text{qubits}}`, so they should only be used for small systems.

Author: Nice one!

.. seealso:: `DefaultTensor <https://docs.pennylane.ai/en/latest/code/api/pennylane.devices.default_tensor.DefaultTensor.html>`__ for a CPU only tensor network simulator device.

> Note that as ``lightning.tensor`` cannot cleaned up the data with `reset()` like other state-vector devices. It is recommended to create a new ``lightning.tensor`` device per circuit to ensure resources are correctly handled.

Reviewer 2: Doesn't reset have any docstring?
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/38688777-0b68-4708-abd2-8bfb8c11e959)
 
```suggestion
Note that as ``lightning.tensor`` cannot cleaned up the data with ``reset()`` like other state-vector devices. It is recommended to create a new ``lightning.tensor`` device per circuit to ensure resources are correctly handled.
```

**Supported observables:**

The ``lightning.tensor`` supports all observables supported by the Lightning state-vector simulators, besides :class:`~pennylane.SparseHamiltonian`, :class:`~pennylane.Projector` and limited support to :class:`~pennylane.ops.op_math.Sum`, :class:`~pennylane.ops.op_math.Prod` since ``lightning.tensor`` only supports 1-wire :class:`~pennylane.Hermitian` observables.

> Users can not create a :class:`~pennylane.ops.op_math.Sum` observable or a :class:`~pennylane.ops.op_math.Prod` observable from :class:`~pennylane.ops.op_math.Sum` observables.

Reviewer 2: :+1:

> Users can not create a :class:`~pennylane.ops.op_math.Sum` observable or a :class:`~pennylane.ops.op_math.Prod` observable from :class:`~pennylane.ops.op_math.Sum` observables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users cannot create a :class:`~pennylane.ops.op_math.Sum` observable or a :class:`~pennylane.ops.op_math.Prod` observable from :class:`~pennylane.ops.op_math.Sum` observables.
```
